io/noties/markwon/core/factory/StrongEmphasisSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.StrongEmphasisSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/image/ImageSizeResolverDef.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.ImageSizeResolverDef
io/noties/markwon/image/destination/ImageDestinationProcessorAssets.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.destination.ImageDestinationProcessorAssets
io/noties/markwon/image/AsyncDrawableScheduler.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableScheduler
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableScheduler$1
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableScheduler$DrawableCallbackImpl
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableScheduler$DrawableCallbackImpl$1
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableScheduler$DrawableCallbackImpl$Invalidator
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableScheduler$TextViewInvalidator
io/noties/markwon/SpannableBuilder.java
 io.noties.markwon.SpannableBuilder
 io.noties.markwon.SpannableBuilder$Span
 io.noties.markwon.SpannableBuilder$SpannableStringBuilderReversed
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/EmphasisSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.EmphasisSpan
io/noties/markwon/LinkResolver.java
 io.noties.markwon.LinkResolver
io/noties/markwon/syntax/SyntaxHighlightNoOp.java
 io.noties.markwon.syntax.SyntaxHighlightNoOp
io/noties/markwon/utils/DrawableUtils.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.DrawableUtils
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/BlockQuoteSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.BlockQuoteSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/LinkSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.LinkSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/LastLineSpacingSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.LastLineSpacingSpan
io/noties/markwon/Markwon.java
 io.noties.markwon.Markwon
 io.noties.markwon.Markwon$Builder
 io.noties.markwon.Markwon$TextSetter
io/noties/markwon/SpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.SpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/core/CoreProps.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.CoreProps
 io.noties.markwon.core.CoreProps$ListItemType
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/HeadingSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.HeadingSpan
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonPlugin.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonPlugin
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonPlugin$Action
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonPlugin$Registry
io/noties/markwon/image/ImageSizeResolver.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.ImageSizeResolver
io/noties/markwon/image/destination/ImageDestinationProcessor.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.destination.ImageDestinationProcessor
 io.noties.markwon.image.destination.ImageDestinationProcessor$1
 io.noties.markwon.image.destination.ImageDestinationProcessor$NoOp
io/noties/markwon/AbstractMarkwonPlugin.java
 io.noties.markwon.AbstractMarkwonPlugin
io/noties/markwon/core/SimpleBlockNodeVisitor.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.SimpleBlockNodeVisitor
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/TextLayoutSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.TextLayoutSpan
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonSpansFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonSpansFactory
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonSpansFactory$Builder
io/noties/markwon/PrecomputedFutureTextSetterCompat.java
 io.noties.markwon.PrecomputedFutureTextSetterCompat
io/noties/markwon/image/ImageProps.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.ImageProps
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/BlockQuoteSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.BlockQuoteSpan
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonVisitor.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitor
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitor$BlockHandler
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitor$Builder
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitor$NodeVisitor
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonReducer.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonReducer
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonReducer$DirectChildren
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/CodeBlockSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.CodeBlockSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/core/CorePlugin.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$1
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$10
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$11
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$12
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$13
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$14
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$15
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$2
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$3
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$4
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$5
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$6
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$7
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$8
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$9
 io.noties.markwon.core.CorePlugin$OnTextAddedListener
io/noties/markwon/image/DrawableUtils.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.DrawableUtils
io/noties/markwon/image/ImageSize.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.ImageSize
 io.noties.markwon.image.ImageSize$Dimension
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/ObjectsPool.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.ObjectsPool
io/noties/markwon/utils/LayoutUtils.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.LayoutUtils
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonConfiguration.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonConfiguration
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonConfiguration$1
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonConfiguration$Builder
io/noties/markwon/LinkResolverDef.java
 io.noties.markwon.LinkResolverDef
io/noties/markwon/image/destination/ImageDestinationProcessorRelativeToAbsolute.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.destination.ImageDestinationProcessorRelativeToAbsolute
io/noties/markwon/image/ImageSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.ImageSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/image/AsyncDrawableLoader.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableLoader
io/noties/markwon/RenderPropsImpl.java
 io.noties.markwon.RenderPropsImpl
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/CustomTypefaceSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.CustomTypefaceSpan
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonVisitorFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitorFactory
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitorFactory$1
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/StrongEmphasisSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.StrongEmphasisSpan
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/CodeBlockSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.CodeBlockSpan
io/noties/markwon/image/AsyncDrawable.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawable
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawable$WrappedCallback
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonVisitorImpl.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitorImpl
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonVisitorImpl$BuilderImpl
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/LinkSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.LinkSpan
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/ThematicBreakSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.ThematicBreakSpan
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/HeadingSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.HeadingSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/utils/Dip.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.Dip
io/noties/markwon/PrecomputedTextSetterCompat.java
 io.noties.markwon.PrecomputedTextSetterCompat
 io.noties.markwon.PrecomputedTextSetterCompat$1
 io.noties.markwon.PrecomputedTextSetterCompat$2
io/noties/markwon/utils/DumpNodes.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.DumpNodes
 io.noties.markwon.utils.DumpNodes$1
 io.noties.markwon.utils.DumpNodes$Indent
 io.noties.markwon.utils.DumpNodes$NodeProcessor
 io.noties.markwon.utils.DumpNodes$NodeProcessorToString
io/noties/markwon/SoftBreakAddsNewLinePlugin.java
 io.noties.markwon.SoftBreakAddsNewLinePlugin
 io.noties.markwon.SoftBreakAddsNewLinePlugin$1
io/noties/markwon/utils/LeadingMarginUtils.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.LeadingMarginUtils
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/TextViewSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.TextViewSpan
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/CodeSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.CodeSpan
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/CodeSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.CodeSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/RenderProps.java
 io.noties.markwon.RenderProps
io/noties/markwon/image/AsyncDrawableLoaderNoOp.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableLoaderNoOp
io/noties/markwon/Prop.java
 io.noties.markwon.Prop
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/ThematicBreakSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.ThematicBreakSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/utils/ParserUtils.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.ParserUtils
io/noties/markwon/utils/ColorUtils.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.ColorUtils
io/noties/markwon/RegistryImpl.java
 io.noties.markwon.RegistryImpl
io/noties/markwon/utils/NoCopySpannableFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.NoCopySpannableFactory
 io.noties.markwon.utils.NoCopySpannableFactory$Holder
io/noties/markwon/utils/SpanUtils.java
 io.noties.markwon.utils.SpanUtils
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonImpl.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonImpl
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonImpl$1
io/noties/markwon/syntax/SyntaxHighlight.java
 io.noties.markwon.syntax.SyntaxHighlight
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/ListItemSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.ListItemSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/movement/MovementMethodPlugin.java
 io.noties.markwon.movement.MovementMethodPlugin
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/BulletListItemSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.BulletListItemSpan
io/noties/markwon/core/factory/EmphasisSpanFactory.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.factory.EmphasisSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonSpansFactoryImpl.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonSpansFactoryImpl
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonSpansFactoryImpl$BuilderImpl
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonSpansFactoryImpl$CompositeSpanFactory
io/noties/markwon/MarkwonBuilderImpl.java
 io.noties.markwon.MarkwonBuilderImpl
io/noties/markwon/core/spans/OrderedListItemSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.spans.OrderedListItemSpan
io/noties/markwon/core/MarkwonTheme.java
 io.noties.markwon.core.MarkwonTheme
 io.noties.markwon.core.MarkwonTheme$Builder
io/noties/markwon/BlockHandlerDef.java
 io.noties.markwon.BlockHandlerDef
io/noties/markwon/image/AsyncDrawableSpan.java
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableSpan
 io.noties.markwon.image.AsyncDrawableSpan$Alignment
